Sarah and Esther,
Mary, Ruth, and others—
All these were capable women,
loyal wives.
Godly devotion was foremost
in their lives.
They were faithful women,
ones we know by name.
There were others
favored by Jehovah;
Nameless in the record,
their faith was just the same.
Goodness and courage,
loyal love and kindness—
Lovable qualities
in all humankind,
Virtues these excellent women
bring to mind.
They were fine examples
we appreciate.
In the same way now
our Christian sisters
Show a faithful spirit
we all can imitate.
Mothers and daughters,
sisters, wives, and widows,
Willingly laboring,
glad to do your part.
Modest your bearing,
submissive is your heart,
Having God’s approval,
may you never fear.
Christian sisters,
may Jehovah keep you
Firm in your conviction,
your prize is drawing near.